[CWS] improve kernel version support table (4.14+) (#24384)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/threats/supported_linux_distributions.md

Cloud Security Management Threats supports the following Linux distributions:

| Linux Distributions          | Supported Versions                      |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| Ubuntu LTS                   | 18.04, 20.04, 22.04                     |
| Debian                       | 10 or later                             |
| Amazon Linux 2               | Kernels 4.14 and higher                 |
| Amazon Linux 2023            | All versions                            |
| SUSE Linux Enterprise Server | 12 and 15                               |
| Red Hat Enterprise Linux     | 7, 8, and 9                             |
| Oracle Linux                 | 7, 8, and 9                             |
| CentOS                       | 7                                       |

**Notes:**

- Custom kernel builds are not supported.
- For compatibility with a custom Kubernetes network plugin like Cilium or Calico, see the [Troubleshooting Cloud Security Management Threats][1].

> - Data collection is done using eBPF, so Datadog minimally requires platforms that have underlying Linux kernel versions of 4.14.0+ or have eBPF features backported (for example Centos/RHEL 7 with kernel 3.10 has eBPF features backported and is supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data collection is done using eBPF, so Datadog requires, at minimum, platforms that have underlying Linux kernel versions of 4.14.0+ or have eBPF features backported (for example, Centos/RHEL 7 with kernel 3.10 has eBPF features backported, so it is supported).
```
